PORT-9739 Update Catalogue Page (#1857)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/customize-pages-dashboards-and-plugins/page/catalog-page.md

<TabItem value="ui">

> To create a new catalog page, go to the [Catalog](https://app.getport.io/services) page, click the `+ New` button in the top left corner, and select `New catalog page`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new catalog page, go to the [Catalog](https://app.getport.io/organization/catalog) page, click the `+ New` button in the top left corner, and select `New catalog page`.
```

You can also drag and drop the properties in this view to reorder them in the table.

> :::tip Hiding irrelevant data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Hide irrelevant data
```

#### Editing pages

> Editing a page allows you to change its name and/or icon and other information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editing a page allows you to change various properties:
```
